README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Project Name

> One paragraph statement about the project.

![screenshot](./app_screenshot.png)

Additional description about the project and its features.

## Built With

- Major languages
- Frameworks
- Technologies used

## Live Demo

[Live Demo Link](https://livedemo.com)


## Getting Started

**This is an example of how you may give instructions on setting up your project locally.**
**Modify this file to match your project, remove sections that don't apply. For example: delete the testing section if the currect project doesn't require testing.**


To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

### Setup

### Install

### Usage

### Run tests

### Deployment



## Authors

👤 **Author1**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/githubhandle)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/twitterhandle)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/linkedinhandle)

👤 **Author2**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/githubhandle)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/twitterhandle)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/linkedinhandle)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](lic.url) licensed.

Commit message:

add main ruby file and update readme

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Project Name

> One paragraph statement about the project.



Additional description about the project and its features.

## Built With

- RUBY

## Live Demo

[Live Demo Link](https://repl.it/@udberg/Ruby-enumerables)


## Getting Started


To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

### Setup

### Install

### Usage

### Run tests

### Deployment



## Authors

👤 **Author1**

- GitHub: [@udberg](https://github.com/udberg)
- Twitter: [@juduak_](https://twitter.com/juduak_)
- LinkedIn: [Uduak John](https://www.linkedin.com/in/uduak-john-090059105/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/udberg/ruby-enumerables/issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to [Microverse](https://github.com/microverseinc) for their readme template

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](lic.url) licensed.
